<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title>IRC channel logs</title><style>html {
  background: #fdfdfd;
}

h1 {
  font-weight: 300;
}

h2 {
  font-weight: 200;
}

h3 {
  padding: .5em 0;
  border-top: 3px dotted #ddd;
  margin-bottom: 0;
}

form {
  width: 400px;
  display: flex;
}

input {
  width: 100%;
  display: flex;
  border-radius: .25em 0 0 .25em;
  border: 1px solid #aaa;
  border-right: 0;
  padding: 0.5em;
}

button {
  display: flex;
  border-radius: 0 .25em .25em 0;
  background-color: #007bff;
  border: 1px solid #007bff;
  padding: .5em;
  cursor: pointer;
  color: white;
}

button:hover {
  background-color: #0069d9;
  border-color: #0062cc;
}

a {
  color: #007bff;
  text-decoration: none;
}

a:hover {
  text-decoration: underline;
}

h4 {
  margin-bottom: .5em;
}

table td {
  padding: 0.75em;
}

table tr:hover {
  background: #eee;
}

.year {
  display: table;
}

.month {
  display: table-cell;
  padding-right: 1em;
}

ul {
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
  list-style: none;
}

.nick {
  padding-right: 0.6rem;
  font-weight: bold;
  text-align: right;
  width: 13rem;
  display: table-cell;
}

.nick a {
  color: inherit;
  text-decoration: none;
}

.message {
  display: table-cell;
  padding-left: 0.6rem;
  border-left: 2px solid #333;
}

.notice {
  color: #859900;
  font-style: italic;
}

.line {
  line-height: 1.8rem;
  display: table;
}

#logs {
  margin-top: 1.5rem;
  padding: 1.5rem;
}
</style></head><body><h1>IRC channel logs</h1><h2>2022-02-27.log</h2><p><a href="/bootstrappable">back to list of logs</a></p><div id="logs"><div class="line" id="030735"><span class="nick" style="color:#8dd3c7"><a href="#030735" label="[03:07:35]">&lt;oriansj&gt;</a></span><span class="message">stikonas: and did you want me to add gabriel@erlikon.ch to the stage0-posix-riscv64 repo collaborators list with push access?</span></div><div class="line" id="030906"><span class="nick" style="color:#2e2a4a"><a href="#030906" label="[03:09:06]">&lt;stikonas[m]&gt;</a></span><span class="message">Well, it's up to you</span></div><div class="line" id="030942"><span class="nick" style="color:#2e2a4a"><a href="#030942" label="[03:09:42]">&lt;stikonas[m]&gt;</a></span><span class="message">gabriel is the one with rv64 hw if I remember correctly</span></div><div class="line" id="031025"><span class="nick" style="color:#2e2a4a"><a href="#031025" label="[03:10:25]">&lt;stikonas[m]&gt;</a></span><span class="message">Might want to ask them</span></div><div class="line" id="031604"><span class="nick" style="color:#8dd3c7"><a href="#031604" label="[03:16:04]">&lt;oriansj&gt;</a></span><span class="message">fair</span></div><div class="line" id="032019"><span class="nick" style="color:#8dd3c7"><a href="#032019" label="[03:20:19]">&lt;oriansj&gt;</a></span><span class="message">and found a minor regression with my change that I need to fix</span></div><div class="line" id="033626"><span class="nick" style="color:#8dd3c7"><a href="#033626" label="[03:36:26]">&lt;oriansj&gt;</a></span><span class="message">and fixed</span></div><div class="line" id="043608"><span class="nick" style="color:#8dd3c7"><a href="#043608" label="[04:36:08]">&lt;oriansj&gt;</a></span><span class="message">ok, finally done</span></div><div class="line" id="043621"><span class="nick" style="color:#8dd3c7"><a href="#043621" label="[04:36:21]">&lt;oriansj&gt;</a></span><span class="message">stage0-posix now leverages the new git submodules</span></div><div class="line" id="161323"><span class="nick" style="color:#8dd3c7"><a href="#161323" label="[16:13:23]">&lt;oriansj&gt;</a></span><span class="message">now when someone takes up maintaince work for an architecture in stage0-posix, I'll just grant them commit access and do spot reviews.</span></div><div class="line" id="163211"><span class="nick" style="color:#6b8072"><a href="#163211" label="[16:32:11]">&lt;stikonas&gt;</a></span><span class="message">might be a bit more complicated if somebody wants to fix e.g. comment. That has to be done accross all arches...</span></div><div class="line" id="170541"><span class="nick" style="color:#8dd3c7"><a href="#170541" label="[17:05:41]">&lt;oriansj&gt;</a></span><span class="message">true; it would be several commits rather than a single one.</span></div><div class="line" id="183601"><span class="nick" style="color:#6b8072"><a href="#183601" label="[18:36:01]">&lt;stikonas&gt;</a></span><span class="message">oriansj: should ${ARCH}.answers files be moved into $ARCH subdirs too?</span></div><br /></div></body></html>